README.md, before:

# Hello! I'm Alex :wave:

:rocket: **Software QA Engineer / Python & Java Developer** | 🌎 **Based in Chicago, Illinois** | 💡 **Passionate about the user experience and solving problems**

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a software qa engineer with a love for creating user-friendly and customer-centeric applications. I enjoy working on both the frontend and backend part of testing and building technologies, and I'm always eager to learn and explore new tools and frameworks.

### 🌱 Currently Learning: Playwright with Python and leetcode grinding (Python)  
### 💡 Exploring: Playwright with Pytest Python Test Automation Framework 

## 🖥️ **Languages**

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

## 🧪 **Testing Frameworks**

![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Selenium-43B02A?style=flat-square&logo=selenium&logoColor=white)
![Pytest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pytest-0A9EDC?style=flat-square&logo=pytest&logoColor=white)
![XCTest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-XCTest-2C2C2C?style=flat-square&logo=apple&logoColor=white)
![Cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cypress-17202C?style=flat-square&logo=cypress&logoColor=white) 
![Behave](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Behave-009688?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white) 
![Antioch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Antioch-5A0FC8?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![JMeter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JMeter-D22128?style=flat-square&logo=apachejmeter&logoColor=white)

## ⚙️ **CI/CD & DevOps**

![TeamCity](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TeamCity-000000?style=flat-square&logo=jetbrains&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?style=flat-square&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)  

## ☁️ **Cloud & Backend**

![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Firebase-FFCA28?style=flat-square&logo=firebase&logoColor=black) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)  

## 🤝 **Collaboration & Project Management**

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Figma-F24E1E?style=flat-square&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jira-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Azure DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Azure%20DevOps-0078D7?style=flat-square&logo=azuredevops&logoColor=white) ![Testpad](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Testpad-3E8E41?style=flat-square&logo=checkmarx&logoColor=white)

## 🧰 **Other Tools**
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white) 
![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-85EA2D?style=flat-square&logo=swagger&logoColor=black) 

## 🚀 Projects  
- Automated Testing Of Hudl's Main Website
- Automated Testing of 3Step Sports Main Website with Manual Test Cases
- Old Republic Professional Main Website Testing (Currently Working on...)

## 📫 **Let's Connect!**
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-fergestad">
  <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" alt="LinkedIn" width="40"/>
</a>
<a href="mailto:ajfergestad@comcast.net">
  <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/732/732200.png" alt="Email" width="40"/>
</a>
<a href="https://leetcode.com/u/aw3someal3x/">
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/19/LeetCode_logo_black.png" alt="LeetCode" width="40"/>
</a>

Commit message:

Add project 'Software Quality All You Need To Know'

README.md, after:

# Hello! I'm Alex :wave:

:rocket: **Software QA Engineer / Python & Java Developer** | 🌎 **Based in Chicago, Illinois** | 💡 **Passionate about the user experience and solving problems**

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a software qa engineer with a love for creating user-friendly and customer-centeric applications. I enjoy working on both the frontend and backend part of testing and building technologies, and I'm always eager to learn and explore new tools and frameworks.

### 🌱 Currently Learning: Playwright with Python and leetcode grinding (Python)  
### 💡 Exploring: Playwright with Pytest Python Test Automation Framework 

## 🖥️ **Languages**

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

## 🧪 **Testing Frameworks**

![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Selenium-43B02A?style=flat-square&logo=selenium&logoColor=white)
![Pytest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pytest-0A9EDC?style=flat-square&logo=pytest&logoColor=white)
![XCTest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-XCTest-2C2C2C?style=flat-square&logo=apple&logoColor=white)
![Cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cypress-17202C?style=flat-square&logo=cypress&logoColor=white) 
![Behave](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Behave-009688?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white) 
![Antioch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Antioch-5A0FC8?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![JMeter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JMeter-D22128?style=flat-square&logo=apachejmeter&logoColor=white)

## ⚙️ **CI/CD & DevOps**

![TeamCity](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TeamCity-000000?style=flat-square&logo=jetbrains&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?style=flat-square&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)  

## ☁️ **Cloud & Backend**

![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Firebase-FFCA28?style=flat-square&logo=firebase&logoColor=black) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)  

## 🤝 **Collaboration & Project Management**

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Figma-F24E1E?style=flat-square&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jira-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Azure DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Azure%20DevOps-0078D7?style=flat-square&logo=azuredevops&logoColor=white) ![Testpad](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Testpad-3E8E41?style=flat-square&logo=checkmarx&logoColor=white)

## 🧰 **Other Tools**
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white) 
![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-85EA2D?style=flat-square&logo=swagger&logoColor=black) 

## 🚀 Projects  
- Software Quality All You Need To Know Repository
- Automated Testing Of Hudl's Main Website
- Automated Testing of 3Step Sports Main Website with Manual Test Cases
- Old Republic Professional Main Website Testing (Currently Working on...)

## 📫 **Let's Connect!**
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-fergestad">
  <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" alt="LinkedIn" width="40"/>
</a>
<a href="mailto:ajfergestad@comcast.net">
  <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/732/732200.png" alt="Email" width="40"/>
</a>
<a href="https://leetcode.com/u/aw3someal3x/">
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/19/LeetCode_logo_black.png" alt="LeetCode" width="40"/>
</a>
